.\" Manpage for t64fix
.TH t64fix 1 "01 September 2021" "0.4.0" "t64fix Manual"
.SH NAME
t64fix \[en] verify, fix and create T64 archives
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]t64fix\f[R] [\f[I]OPTION\f[R]]... \f[I]ARCHIVE\f[R]
.br
\f[B]t64fix\f[R] [\f[I]OPTION\f[R]]... \f[I]ARCHIVE\f[R] \-o \f[I]FIXED-ARCHIVE\f[R]
.br
\f[B]t64fix\f[R] [\f[I]OPTION\f[R]]... \-c \f[I]ARCHIVE\f[R] \f[I]PRG-FILE\f[R]...
.br
\f[B]t64fix\f[R] [\f[I]OPTION\f[R]]... \-e \f[I]INDEX\f[R] \f[I]ARCHIVE\f[R]
.br
\f[B]t64fix\f[R] [\f[I]OPTION\f[R]]... \-x \f[I]ARCHIVE\f[R]
.\" Additional description
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Verify ARCHIVE and optionally write version to FIXED-ARCHIVE, or create a new ARCHIVE with one or more PRG_FILE(s).
.TP
\f[B]\-c\f[R], \f[B]\-\-create \f[I]ARCHIVE\f[R] \f[I]PRG-FILE\f[R]...
create ARCHIVE and copy PRG-FILE(s) to it
.TP
\f[B]\-e\f[R], \f[B]\-\-extract \f[I]INDEX\f[R] \f[I]ARCHIVE\f[R]
extract file from ARCHIVE at INDEX. Indexes start at 0
.TP
\f[B]\-o\f[R], \f[B]\-\-output \f[I]FIXED-ARCHIVE\f[R]
write fixed image as FIXED-ARCHIVE. Valid for verify (the default mode)
.TP
\f[B]\-q\f[R], \f[B]\-\-quiet
be quiet, don't output anything on stdout. The exit status of the program can be checked for the result of an operation. Operational errors, such as I/O errors will still be reported on stderr
\f[B]\-x\f[R], \f[B]\-\-extract-all \f[I]ARCHIVE\f[R]
extract all files from ARCHIVE. Extracted files are written using their PETSCII filename converted to ASCII plus an extension of '.prg'
.TP
\f[B]\-h\f[R], \f[B]\-\-help
display help and exit
.TP
\f[B]\-v\f[R], \f[B]\-\-version
display program version and exit
.PP
When verifying an archive, the program doesn't alter its input in any way, so it can also be used to just display the directory of an archive.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Bas Wassink.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs at <https://github.com/Compyx/t64fix/issues/>
.br
The issues tracker can also be used to request new features.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2021 Bas Wassink.
License GPLv2+: GNU GPL version 2 or later <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html>
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Full documentation and source at <https://github.com/Compyx/t64fix/>
